today we're making a vegan BLT with
curried carrot slaw spicy mayo and an
easy smoky tempeh bacon and today's
recipe for tempeh bacon is a fast and
easy version that doesn't require
marinating it overnight which is really
great so to get started on your tumbe
bacon you want to warm up the skillet to
medium-high heat and drizzle in about a
teaspoon of oil and then slice up about
four ounces of tempeh into thin strips
then you're gonna add your two teaspoons
of tamari 2 teaspoons of Grade B maple
syrup and a few drops about 1/8 teaspoon
of liquid smoke and then sprinkle in
some black pepper to taste
then you're gonna drop those strips in
each sizzling hot skillet if you want
even less these 10 base ships marinate
overnight but you really don't have to
do her fast 10 day just pop them in the
skillet drizzle in the excess marinade
and let them sizzle cook the tempeh for
about 2 minutes on each side and flip it
it should be nicely brown and you can
add in some extra pepper and seasonings
if you'd like first up for sandwich prep
add some smoky paprika or Chipotle
powder to some vegan Mayo and then stir
it until it's nice and creamy slather it
on some toasted sprouted grain bread and
start slicing up Tomatoes and now you're
ready to stack your sandwich just add
the lettuce the tomato the tempeh bacon
and that curry carrot slaw
and if you're wondering where the recipe
is for my curried carrot slaw it's on
lunchbox Bunch calm
and now like any good food blogger I get
to feast on my yummy spicy BLT sandwich
and I have some homemade coconut water
with lime J so that was homemade I have
some coconut water with lime to go along
with it and this yummy salad sandwich
all I can think about sandwich and
that's my recipe say guys one more shot
you